CSS/Styling Q&A
(not meant for the advisors' and Lupoli's eyes because Travis said so)

-- What was changed from the given code?
	Everything
	Everything
	Everything
	
	advisor.css (the ONLY .css file) had 3 lines and 40 characters, and we
		ended up deleting it. There weren't even any style tags in the html
		files (which I'm thankful for, because it would've made the job harder)
	
	Everything was built from the ground up (emphasis on ground up) and was the
		result of my own work (ours, for the purposes of the presentation, if
		you guys think it sounds better). Please DO emphasize to the instructors
		that it was obviously made to look like the actual CNMS website, but
		emphasize even MORE that ~~none~~ of the work was copied from it (other,
		obviously, than the images, which weren't reproduced for practicality
		reasons). There's a good chance that parts of the page will be very
		very similar or equal to what's available on cnms.umbc.edu, so make
		sure to address any concerns they might have before they even come up
		(something something academic integrity).
	
-- What did you do?
	On the client-side (i.e., the browser), all that is displayed is HTML and CSS.
		The website makes extensive use of HTML5 and CSS3, so some of the features
		will very likely be broken on older browsers, though the skeleton of it is
		fairly simple - so it shouldn't be completely disfigured in any case
		(unless you're running Netscape, in which case you shouldn't be allowed
		to use a computer anyway).
		
	This project uses NO external libraries of any kind and does not include
		javascript code.
	
-- Where is the styling?
	main.css is where all of the attributes are; the file is located in the
		project's root directory, along with the images.
		
-- Is there anything of note?
	The project uses Google webfonts, so as not to rely on the client OS having
		a font family installed. Doing so would result in inconsistent design
		(inconsistent design = bad ux) and potentially very, very visually
		broken pages. No issues should arise from this, legal or technical; I
		strongly recommend against bringing this up in front of Lupoli or the
		advisors.